In a little shower
Can't stop my Ye Huan's father
Yeah.
Dad?
Dad, how are you?
It's impossible that you actually destroyed Zheng Yuzhong
How powerful is his brother?
Zhao Shao
Didn't you say that no one can destroy Zheng Yuzhong?
Then why did he ask me who I asked?
It's all my fault, son
Give them the old blood
You look good
I will definitely make them pay
Help me
No, the earthquake has already started.
Dragon veins are about to gush out
collapse
The army soul quickly handed over Long Xi
Otherwise we will all be killed by you
Humiliate me and bully you
Make me deceive
Now you have the shame to ask me to hand over something
Do you want it?
OK, then I'll give it to you.
Great, I can finally suppress the dragon vein
Hahaha, I'm waiting to turn the tide
Suppressing the dragon vein must be a great feat
Hahahaha
Of course.
If this kid is stalling
Ah wait
Ah!
You cancer
We're completely immune to the spirit attacks
We are all going to be killed by you for this flower.
You will be condemned to the shame of history
10,000 Worlds
It's too late.